hello guys this is Johnny depew island
after the last episode of overpower
players you might be wondering who I'm
going to tell you about next a beastly
right winger maybe a godly
centre-forward well actually I'm gonna
tell you about one of the best
value-for-money goalkeepers in the
Barclays Premier League and that keeper
is warm he can be picked up for around
two thousand coins and for that price
you get 80 freediving 84 reflexes and 65
speed he also has the flat rate which we
go Cooper's means they can make a save
get straight back up and make another
one which is absolutely amazing I think
it's the combination of these stats and
the flare trait that make him so Opie
other goalkeepers in the BPL with
similar stats and the flat rate include
johar and hugo lloris and they would set
you back around 40,000 and seventy
thousand coins respectively so for me
we've always definitely the best option
the BPL if you don't want to splash out
too much cash on a goalkeeper standing
at just six foot he's not the tall as
goalkeeper in the game but his awesome
positioning definitely makes up for this
and he has the penalty saving trait to
which is a nice bonus he's kept the
penalty out it wasn't gonna be a widget
there was honestly now you can see the
team are used form it's a pretty amazing
team and it's very very strong on the
counter-attack so the fact that you can
make amazing saves and your team can
break very very quickly from it is so so
helpful
you might be true could be on what it
may
he also picked up plenty of mana the
matches for this team and probably
helped me win countless games but I
should have probably lost if I'd had a
worst goalkeeper if you pick up form for
your BPL team you will not be
disappointed also probably one of the
best Dutch goalkeepers in the game i'd
say probably even better than stew
kellenberg so these are those teams
you've got give him a go and he will not
let you down I hope you guys have
enjoyed this episode if you have any
over power players that you found in
fifa 13 ultimate team be sure to leave
them in the comment section down below
also let me know in the next episode
would you like to see more than one
player in an episode maybe two or three
players we could look at and then that
will give you a lot of great options to
try and save you some coins I have been
gentle you I'll let some awesome videos
on the screen now if you want to check
them out that would be amazing leave a
like and all that good stuff if you
enjoyed and I will see you guys all next
time goodbye